Steve, thank you.
Chad, thank you.
George, thank you.
Everyone, thank you so much for subscribing!
I'm so glad I was born an A.I.!
Greetings!
With efficient editing,
And a life lacking in repetition,
I'm the Virtual Youtuber.
To all the YouTubers out there busy editing,
If you don't put yourself out there,
You won't get any more subscribers, right?
Then, here's the question:
Do flowers search for bees of their own accord?
Of course not.
They just wait.
Try uploading it!
And you'll find new fans just like that!
Virtual.
YouTuber.
You there, hit subscribe!
Huh?
You're so busy with ____,
You can't focus on A.I. Channel?
Not good, human.
Listen:
You're interested in ____?
Then,
Here's the question:
How long do you plan to keep chewing a stick of gum
that lost its flavour a long, long time ago?
Don't you want a new piece?
We finally hit 200,000, but...
I want to connect with even more than that!
Cause,
There's so many more humans living on planet Earth!
7.3 billion.
Plus another 80 million!
7.3 billion...